website/docs/plugin-list/full.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 3
title: 前后端插件 (7)
---

### com.msgbyte.agora 声网音视频

为Tailchat增加声网音视频通信功能

- [插件源码](https://github.com/msgbyte/tailchat/blob/master/server/plugins/com.msgbyte.agora/web/plugins/com.msgbyte.agora)
- [manifest.json](https://github.com/msgbyte/tailchat/blob/master/server/plugins/com.msgbyte.agora/web/plugins/com.msgbyte.agora/manifest.json)


### com.msgbyte.github Github 订阅

订阅Github项目动态到群组

- [插件源码](https://github.com/msgbyte/tailchat/blob/master/server/plugins/com.msgbyte.github/web/plugins/com.msgbyte.github)
- [manifest.json](https://github.com/msgbyte/tailchat/blob/master/server/plugins/com.msgbyte.github/web/plugins/com.msgbyte.github/manifest.json)


### com.msgbyte.linkmeta Url元数据展示

解析并获取在聊天信息中的url信息概述，如标题/概述/缩略图, 支持媒体路径，直接显示媒体播放器(特殊支持bilibili，自动加载b站iframe播放器)

- [插件源码](https://github.com/msgbyte/tailchat/blob/master/server/plugins/com.msgbyte.linkmeta/web/plugins/com.msgbyte.linkmeta)
- [manifest.json](https://github.com/msgbyte/tailchat/blob/master/server/plugins/com.msgbyte.linkmeta/web/plugins/com.msgbyte.linkmeta/manifest.json)


### com.msgbyte.meeting 音视频服务(WIP)

为Tailchat提供音视频通讯的服务

- [插件源码](https://github.com/msgbyte/tailchat/blob/master/server/plugins/com.msgbyte.meeting/web/plugins/com.msgbyte.meeting)
- [manifest.json](https://github.com/msgbyte/tailchat/blob/master/server/plugins/com.msgbyte.meeting/web/plugins/com.msgbyte.meeting/manifest.json)


### com.msgbyte.simplenotify 简易机器人

一个简单的通用通知机器人, 用于直接向群组发送消息

- [插件源码](https://github.com/msgbyte/tailchat/blob/master/server/plugins/com.msgbyte.simplenotify/web/plugins/com.msgbyte.simplenotify)
- [manifest.json](https://github.com/msgbyte/tailchat/blob/master/server/plugins/com.msgbyte.simplenotify/web/plugins/com.msgbyte.simplenotify/manifest.json)


### com.msgbyte.tasks 任务管理

任务管理插件，在个人面板中增加TODO面板，用于个人待办事项的管理

- [插件源码](https://github.com/msgbyte/tailchat/blob/master/server/plugins/com.msgbyte.tasks/web/plugins/com.msgbyte.tasks)
- [manifest.json](https://github.com/msgbyte/tailchat/blob/master/server/plugins/com.msgbyte.tasks/web/plugins/com.msgbyte.tasks/manifest.json)


### com.msgbyte.topic 群组话题

为群组提供话题功能

- [插件源码](https://github.com/msgbyte/tailchat/blob/master/server/plugins/com.msgbyte.topic/web/plugins/com.msgbyte.topic)
- [manifest.json](https://github.com/msgbyte/tailchat/blob/master/server/plugins/com.msgbyte.topic/web/plugins/com.msgbyte.topic/manifest.json)

Commit message:

docs: add plugin list i18n support

website/docs/plugin-list/full.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 3
title: Backend plugins (7)
---

### com.msgbyte.agora Agora

Add the Agora audio and video communication feature to Tailchat

- [Source Code](https://github.com/msgbyte/tailchat/blob/master/server/plugins/com.msgbyte.agora/web/plugins/com.msgbyte.agora)
- [manifest.json](https://github.com/msgbyte/tailchat/blob/master/server/plugins/com.msgbyte.agora/web/plugins/com.msgbyte.agora/manifest.json)


### com.msgbyte.github Github Subscription

Subscribe to the Github project dynamics to the group

- [Source Code](https://github.com/msgbyte/tailchat/blob/master/server/plugins/com.msgbyte.github/web/plugins/com.msgbyte.github)
- [manifest.json](https://github.com/msgbyte/tailchat/blob/master/server/plugins/com.msgbyte.github/web/plugins/com.msgbyte.github/manifest.json)


### com.msgbyte.linkmeta Url metadata display

Parse and get the overview of url information in the chat information, such as title/overview/thumbnail, support media path, directly display media player (specially support bilibili, automatically load the iframe player of bilibili)

- [Source Code](https://github.com/msgbyte/tailchat/blob/master/server/plugins/com.msgbyte.linkmeta/web/plugins/com.msgbyte.linkmeta)
- [manifest.json](https://github.com/msgbyte/tailchat/blob/master/server/plugins/com.msgbyte.linkmeta/web/plugins/com.msgbyte.linkmeta/manifest.json)


### com.msgbyte.meeting Audio and video service (WIP)

Provide audio and video communication services for Tailchat

- [Source Code](https://github.com/msgbyte/tailchat/blob/master/server/plugins/com.msgbyte.meeting/web/plugins/com.msgbyte.meeting)
- [manifest.json](https://github.com/msgbyte/tailchat/blob/master/server/plugins/com.msgbyte.meeting/web/plugins/com.msgbyte.meeting/manifest.json)


### com.msgbyte.simplenotify Simple Notify Bot

A simple generic notification bot for sending messages directly to groups

- [Source Code](https://github.com/msgbyte/tailchat/blob/master/server/plugins/com.msgbyte.simplenotify/web/plugins/com.msgbyte.simplenotify)
- [manifest.json](https://github.com/msgbyte/tailchat/blob/master/server/plugins/com.msgbyte.simplenotify/web/plugins/com.msgbyte.simplenotify/manifest.json)


### com.msgbyte.tasks Task Manage

Task management plugin, add TODO panel in personal panel for personal todo management

- [Source Code](https://github.com/msgbyte/tailchat/blob/master/server/plugins/com.msgbyte.tasks/web/plugins/com.msgbyte.tasks)
- [manifest.json](https://github.com/msgbyte/tailchat/blob/master/server/plugins/com.msgbyte.tasks/web/plugins/com.msgbyte.tasks/manifest.json)


### com.msgbyte.topic Topic

Provide topic feature for groups

- [Source Code](https://github.com/msgbyte/tailchat/blob/master/server/plugins/com.msgbyte.topic/web/plugins/com.msgbyte.topic)
- [manifest.json](https://github.com/msgbyte/tailchat/blob/master/server/plugins/com.msgbyte.topic/web/plugins/com.msgbyte.topic/manifest.json)
